###################################
February 19, 2014
###################################

You can now access the public edX roadmap_ for details about the currently planned product direction.

.. _roadmap: https://edx-wiki.atlassian.net/wiki/display/OPENPROD/OpenEdX+Public+Product+Roadmap


Course staff documentation, *Building a Course with edX Studio*, is available online_. You can also download the new guide as a PDF from the edX Studio user interface.

.. _online: http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/

Recent documentation additions include:

* `Additional transcripts <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/create_video.html#additional-transcripts>`_ for videos.

* `Course Data <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/course_data.html#course-data>`_ in the instructor dashboard.

* `Staffing data <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/course_staffing.html#course-staffing>`_ in the instructor dashboard.

* `Enrollment data <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/course_enrollment.html#enrollment>`_ in the instructor dashboard.

* The `Gene Explorer <http://edx.readthedocs.org/projects/ca/en/latest/additional_tools.html#gene-explorer>`_ tool.


*************
edX Studio
*************


* Export to GIT

* Open Source PR: 2334. Editing course short_description in studio (STUD-1233) IN PRODUCTION?

* A problem with importing a course with conditionals into a course of a different name is now fixed. (STUD-149)

* Developers can now include key-value pairs as a configurable setting in Studio without a special interface. This will be applicable to developers adding multiple-language video transcripts, the LTI custom parameters field, or any field where possible inputs are not known at compile-time. (BLD-658)

* The Add button no longer becomes unavailable in some situations after you click Clear next to Video Sources in a Video component. (BLD-821)

* Instructors can again post non-.srt video transcripts for students to download. (BLD-837)


***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************

* Timeouts on large courses possibly due to calculating grade histograms (LMS-1199)

* When a student stops playing a video before it ends and closes the browser, the video starts from the place where the student stopped watching the next time the student views the video. (BLD-385)


===========================
Accessibility Improvements
===========================

* Labels are added to input fields for problems, so they can be used by screen readers. (LMS-1895)


